instance: note on metadata (#402)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/adminguide/virtual_machines.rst

   updateVirtualMachine API. After installing the tools and updating the
   Instance, stop and start the Instance.

Instance Metdata
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

CloudStack provides different means for controlling an instance's metadata.

-  'extraconfig' parameter of 'deployVirtualMachine' or 'updateVirtualMachine' API methods
   can be used for setting different metadata parameters for an instance.

> -  Global configurations - 'vm.metadata.manufacturer' and 'vm.metadata.product' can be used

Author: ```suggestion
-  Zone-level configurations - 'vm.metadata.manufacturer' and 'vm.metadata.product' can be used
```
